
# Group 2 Project Meeting
## Initial Proposal and Team Roles

**_Date:_** 25/01/2021  

**_Time:_** 6pm  

**_Length:_** 1h30  

**_Participants:_**
<pre>
Jack	✓
Milan	✓
Luna	✓
Anurag	✓
Adrian	✓
</pre>
### **_Agenda Items:_**
Come up with a proposal for how the system should be designed and handled which will be proposed to the team leaders in a meeting.  

Designate roles to each of the team members.

### **_Discussion:_**
We came up with proposals for the different aspects of the game. Including ideas for structuring the two programs, potential interfaces, and concepts for how data will be structured.  

We decided not to assign roles directly to each member of the team as this is a rigid structure, we decided to approach the organisation in an agile fashion where we will have meetings to discuss how people are progressing and assign new work based on how much people have to do and based on their skills.   

We also decided to use Python as our programming language of choice with PyGame as a potential graphical interface. We chose this because Python will be easy for everyone to collaborate on using Git and everyone has at least some knowledge of the language, so it requires minimal ramp up time.  

We wrote down some questions we wish to take to the clients as well after we discuss them with the other teams in the team leader meeting.

### **_Agenda for Next Meeting:_**

The proposal we designed will be presented in a team leader meeting and the responses of which will be relayed back to the members of this team in the following meeting.